[Music]
I am going to make my matcha this
morning and then go to the gym yesterday
was a rough day and do some upper body
work and I'm gonna take you with me
[Music]
so I just wrapped up my sales sales I
just wrapped up a wall sales calls but
high calls and also new clients calls
and work that I do in the morning I kind
of like wake up and assess how I feel
and that dictates like what if I'm going
to go straight to the Jaguar for me I
spent a few hours working and now it's
10:00 a.m. and it's 10:15 and I am a
little shaky I was gonna go straight to
the gym but I think I need to have like
a little bit of food before I go so I
don't get really shake you on down there
and then I'll take you to the gym with
me and we will get it started so I'm
just making oats for breakfast
Hashimoto it's like a quick kind that
you can make and I made a video about
what I'm eating in a day recently and
it's still pretty much the same we
haven't touched my macros but yeah I
usually have oatmeal egg whites and some
peanut butter so we get the I guess the
proteins the fats and carbohydrates
right now I'm just gonna have a little
bit of carbohydrate just have the Sam
just gonna have the oatmeal right now if
I have like all everything the eggs and
everything I'm gonna be too full
well I'm so hungry look so this is my
home jam this is the gym that's in my
belt thing and no one is in here right
now which is kind of nice
so I could talk to you guys because
I have not yet mastered the skill I was
talking to the king from in public
unless it's like an Instagram story so
today I'm doing an upper body de papal
coach who does all my programming so
that I can focus on doing your
programming and my clients work and you
know when you get to this point in your
fitness journey there's always new
things to learn but for the most part
you know that exercise is you know like
what the goal is what you're trying to
do so yeah it's more like more or less
maintenance work so I'm starting off my
upper body day by warming up my upper
body with a band it's just a long this
is actually a plop assistance band doing
this thing called pass throughs so open
up the chest and the shoulders feels
really really good so we're just gonna
do this for a little bit I don't do a
lot of warm-up for my upper body as
opposed to if I have a a lower body you
work out or if I have like a total body
workout I would do a complete dynamic
warm-up with foam rolling and everything
but everybody for me is a little bit
quicker I do some of these sometimes I
do some pulls start to just wanting
everything like nice and trying
so the first set I'm doing to sort of
warm up is a Close Grip lat pulldown I
am working my lats at my back with this
and we have a closer grip and I'm just
taking my time and going slow to really
focus on two contractions in my back and
really feeling the muscle as I pull down
nice slow and controlled
so my gym actually does not have a squat
rack or an overhead like doesn't have a
squat rack so for overhead press and
squat I use this pull-up
I use this pull-up it's really a pull-up
bar but I use this just to like rack the
barbell on and it's not even a real
barbell because it's small but it's what
we have here and you know it's more
convenient for me to work out at home
with my schedules next up I'm doing
another straight set of overhead press
using a smaller barbell and I'm doing
four sets of ten here going slow making
sure that I keep my pelvis tucked in
glutes nice and tight core tight and I'm
just pressing overhead and making sure
that I line the bicep in line with my
ear
next up I'm just doing a regular
straight set of chest press with
dumbbells with this I'm making sure that
I get my lower back off the bench and
I'm really pushing my shoulder blades
down and back to make my chest prominent
because we're working the chest here I
also have my wrists turned slightly just
to avoid a shoulder impingement so you
can see my wrists aren't completely
turned out next up we have a seated
cable row and I'm taking these really
slow and heavy and just going super slow
and feeling the contraction when they
work on that mind-muscle connection
pulling back squeezing and then nice and
slow on the way out next up we have our
first superset so I'm doing fewer sets
now working more on accessory work first
we have a reverse fly make sure you're
bent over really far and your shoulder
downs you're not using your trap so
press the shoulders down try to relax
your shoulders and bring your arms up to
work the back I'm super setting this
with a seated dumbbell hammer hammer
curl to work the biceps
next up we have another superset
starting with upright row using one of
the small barbells working the shoulders
with this one and we're super setting
this with dumbbell crossover curls so
I'm going to stand and do one arm at a
time this is mostly targeting the biceps
so one more superset left and I realized
that if you like follow me on instagram
or even if you're on my client she'll
probably you've noticed that in the last
six months or a year I've transitioned
away from full body workouts which I
used to be all about full body workouts
I still AM especially fatigued women
really good for metabolism up it's a
heart rate up if you're very far along
in your health journey like I mean it's
all relative but I've been working out
for 18 years and full body workouts are
fantastic way to burn calories but it
gets to a point where you're going to
need a little bit more stimulus to the
muscles to make them grow so I switched
over to a more it's still very metabolic
like I have too little body workouts
that I still do it's just on every day
and now it's more focused on like higher
sets
and hypertrophy and building muscle
through more it's kind of like a blend
of the small etics method and then also
bodybuilding to really stimulate the
muscles so that's why this training
style is a little bit different than
what you would like normally see on my
Instagram but I petite power is my
program for petits and I also have the T
power progress which is for clients who
have graduated from T power moved on and
that program teaches more of the style T
power graph teaches more than I do today
so that's just also to like let you guys
know where my training is that right now
last superset finishing off with
push-ups trying to keep my form good
keep my body straight and pelvis tucked
under and finishing off with front plate
raises so you working the shoulders and
I went pretty heavy with these I
probably should have dropped down but
just take it slow and keep your core
brace the entire time oh I just finished
upper body feeling super strong I don't
really know how to flex or both but I
feel super good it was pretty quick like
45 minutes under 45 minutes and I'm
going to go do some cardio now really
quick lists 15 minutes on the treadmill
incline and I'll take you guys with me
there too
[Music]
just finished the treadmill and every
single time every day after I workout I
do to look at amount of time to stretch
and just pull down and do some their
cover a stuff
you're like rehab stuff actually stretch
muscles I use
- five minute I don't just like rush
into my day or like go to the shower
tray like I went down the stretch my
muscles do static stretching so I'm here
now
[Applause]
[Music]
hi guys I'm back
I obviously showered changed in my hair
and I'm kind of halfway through the day
it is to 21 right now oh my gosh that
video is Dan I just want to say Dan if
you're watching us you're such a good
sport I asked him afterwards if I could
put that in the vlog and he was like
yeah it was hilarious such a good sport
and that is actually happened to me
before
not the treadmill thing I'm actually
terrified if that happened to me on
treadmill like in a public gym but many
years ago and I posted this video on my
Instagram I was at like a public gym and
I did a medicine ball slam and it was
like one of the first times I did it
with a non medicine ball it was like a
it was I mean a non-flammable it was a
medicine ball at the bouncy kind not a
slam ball and it came back up and popped
me in the lip in the face it was like
literally everyone in the gym came over
and was like are you okay I was bleeding
like in my lip and it was just like it
was so mortifying so anyways Dan you are
a really really good sport for letting
me put that in the video and yeah really
good sport so today I did want to touch
on bloating and how you can decrease
bloat everyone knows the really
uncomfortable feeling of waking up in
the morning and just like touching your
stomach and feeling big and squishy and
just uncomfortable like it's not how you
would it's a how your stomach normally
sits or feels but it just feels that way
because probably of how your diet or you
know what you did the day before lots of
things but there are a lot there are a
lot of things you can do to make your
bloating go away or decrease or just
improve over time number one is to drink
water I know this sounds like very
obvious but the biggest thing you can do
to decrease your bloat is to drink more
water the reason why and maybe it seems
counterintuitive actually is because
when we're dehydrated our body actually
holds on to water weights stores it in
the body and that is what bloat is it's
excess water that your body's holding on
to probably because it's dehydrated so
if you rehydrate yourself you may find
that you will kind of spontaneously like
within a
two days drop three or five pounds so I
would suggest you guys try this take a
water bottle this is mine it's muy
Grande and drink a gallon of water for
the next week and see what happens with
your bloating
if so besides wringing water which is
the number one top tip that I have for
you guys there could be that you have a
possible food intolerance so there might
be something that you're eating that's
triggering some bloating usually
bloating can be a sign of a food
intolerance so I would recommend keeping
a food journal of what you're eating and
then how you're feeling afterwards and
if you start to see a pattern then you
know that you might have some some
digestion issues with a particular type
of food tip number three is it could be
that your diet it's just generally
filled with really high sodium food so
if you're eating a very processed diet
of like boxed foods or yeah anything
like TV dinners or not even not like
even things that say healthy on the box
can still be very processed and still
have tons of sodium in them even like
soups and there's lots of things in the
grocery store especially things with
long shelf lives that are really filled
and just packed with sodium and
chemicals that can cause you to blow or
just cause like gas and everything so if
you are eating a lot of processed foods
or you're not sure if you are try
switching over to a more single
ingredient diet where we're eating food
that is whole and very nutrient dense
having more fruits and vegetables you
might need like a little bit more fiber
in your diet which helps with digestion
of course you could be having way too
much fiber which can also cause bloating
if you're having like over 30 grams of
fiber per day this is like not very
likely it's likely you don't have enough
but you could be overdoing on the fiber
yeah so just try to have some lean meats
and proteins try to have and I'm not
going to say clean because I don't
believe food is like cleaners already or
anything but just having more single
ingredient foods rather than foods that
have tons of ingredients them which is
usually what's found in like the center
of the grocery store that can help a lot
with bloating as well my last tip for
you is if you still have bloating after
trying drinking more water and taking a
look at your diet and ruling out
intolerance is
my recommendation would be probably to
try a digestive enzyme which you can
take it every meal
these ones are super super great for
helping you digest food and break down
the food so you can absorb the nutrients
and just get more out of your food they
help with digestion and that could be
all you need as well but I always say
before you try to start adding in
supplements your diet make sure that you
can't get to the bottom of the issue of
the heart of the problem first and just
caught like cure it or resolve it just
out of some easy quick lifestyle changes
so those are my main bloating tips we're
gonna get on with the vlog I thought I
would just sit down and tell you guys
like the bloating is normal and it
happens in everyone's dying especially
around our time of the months and
everything but usually usually it's a
sign of dehydration I know that when I
started drinking and I'm only like one
liter down today I'm actually slacking
when I started drinking a full gallon
which is basically I refill this four
times a day this is 32 ounces when I
started drinking a gallon a day I lost a
few pounds of weight which was water
weight and I would wake up and my
stomach would just like feel flat it
wouldn't feel like puffy or like
inflamed or bloated which is such a good
feeling because then when you go to pick
clothes out of your closet you feel
confident and you like want to wear your
clothes and everything so I suggest that
you guys drink more water as a starting
place so I have a few more minutes I'm
gonna do some like office work and then
I'm gonna head into the city I have two
clients today and I'll probably bring
you guys with me so that'll be fun I've
never brought you to the gym that I
trained that I have a couple clients
that I train in the city New York City
and yet you'll hopefully meet some of my
coworkers if they're there and yeah will
be fun and I'll bring you guys with me
[Music]
Hey I just I did that laughing alone
elevator new yeah it's homey right now I
just got I just got a new one I'm
getting a nice nice are you getting a
Canon Sony Alpha it's one of those lines
so he's really good at 8/7 cuz I had a
Sony before yeah and it was a crop now
it's a full-frame in the sensor is like
really fast they're really good camera
[Music]
are you doing in Perpignan their
photography
oh cool that's great what's up Brian
I pay me like one of your french girls
is that one of those yeah so I'm headed
home now finished with my shoe plans and
they stop by the grocery store hope you
can hear me because this wind is little
aggressive somewhere the grocery store
got some fruit as dessert tonight
because I do have some carbs left over
that I want to fill up and yeah I hope
you guys liked this vlog let me know in
the comments you do and I'll do more
vlog style video and yeah great day hope
you guys have a lovely day and chat soon
[Music]